Reviews
[   "Richard L Berke reviews books The City on a Hill. Fulfilling Ronald Reagan's Vision for America by Michael Reagan and Jim Denney and Ronald Reagan. How an Ordinary Man Became an Extraordinary Leader by Dinesh D'Souza; drawing (L)",
    "Keith Schneider reviews books Laurance S Rockefeller. Catalyst for Conservation by Robin W Winks and The Hunter's Game. Poachers and Conservationists in Twentieth-Century America by Louis S Warren (L)",
    'Natalie Kusz reviews books The Girl Who Dreamed Only Geese. And Other Tales of the Far North by Howard Norman and The Dancing Fox. Arctic Folk Tales; edited by John Bierhorst; drawing (L)1',
    'Jackson Lears reviews books Fortress America. Gated Communities in the United States by Edward J Blakely and Mary Gail Snyder and Changing Places. Rebuilding Community in the Age of Sprawl by Richard Moe and Carter Wilkie; drawing (L)']


Computers and the Internet
[   'Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers, or Icann, announces agreements with NeuLevel that will operate new .biz and consortium of 18 domain registrars that will operate .info databases of names (S)',
    ' Nancy M Yanofsky, president of ProChoice Resource Center, nonprofit group in Port Chester, NY, that provides information about birth control and abortion rights activism at web site Prochoiceresource.org, files suit against anti-abortion group whose site ends in .com rather than .org; photo (M)']

United States Economy
[    "Paul Krugman Op-Ed column suggests that George W Bush, who likes to bestow nicknames, call himself Chicken Little, for running around saying 'The sky is falling! Hurry up and pass my tax cut!'; points out that economic data do not support such gloomy views, except for consumer confidence, which seems to be plunging in direct relation to dire headlines (M)"]

Shutdowns (Institutional)
[    'Chateau of Versailles in France is down at the heels; forgotten museum has suddenly been remembered thanks to campaign by Le Figaro, the French newspaper; Le Figaro has mobilized many renowned historians to join in demanding that museum be reopened; photo (L) would never guess as they wander through the ornate royal apartm ents and the sparkling Hall of Mirrors is that Versailles is actually down at the heels. Lack of funds (translated into a shortage of security guards) has meant that its Museum of the History of France, with its 6,000 paintings and 2,000 statues spread through 125 galleries, is closed to the public. Tourists may well be impressed by what they see, but they have literally only seen the half of it.']


Murders and Attempted Murders
[    “Team of experts assembled by Dr Sam Sheppard's son presents new DNA evidence that strongly suggests Sheppard did not kill wife, Marilyn, in 1954; Sheppard spent 10 years in prison, was acquitted in second trial in 1966 after Supreme Court ruled first trial was tainted by excessive press coverage and carnival-like atmosphere, and died in 1970; evidence increases suspicion that killer was Richard Eberling, who is in jail for 1984 murder; son, Sam Reese Sheppard, who sues Ohio for wrongful imprisonment of father, comments, phone interview; prosecutor says he will not challenge work of team's forensic expert, Dr Mohammad Tahir; photos (M) Supreme Court ruled that his first trial had been prejudiced by the exce ssive press attention and carnival-like atmosphere. He died in 1970. The case has endured in the minds of the public and even entered popular culture through the television program ''The Fugitive'' and the movie of the same name.”]



NO TAG
[    "Sylviane Gold article on increasing number of hit plays that are being turned into movies; cites Love! Valour! Compassion!, The Crucible, The Designated Mourner, The Substance of Fire, Evita and Marvin's Room; photos (L)”,
    "Really provident rural residents are already at work preparing next winter's woodpile. Perhaps it's an unwritten rule of the season: Stack next winter's wood before you dig this summer's garden. Or perhaps the splitting and stacking of wood”,
    "Peter Steinfels reviews three books on Roman Catholicism in America: American Catholic. The Saints and Sinners Who Built America's Most Powerful Church, by Charles R Morris; Catholic Converts. British and American Intellectuals Turn to Rome, by Patrick Allit; and The Smoke of Satan. Conservative and Traditional Dissent in Contemporary American Catholicism, by Michael W Cuneo; drawing (L)"]


United States Armament and Defense
    [“Bob Herbert Op-Ed column says American people should at least have some clear sense of potentially very heavy consequences that may ensue if United States goes to war against Iraq, as Pres Bush appears to want so desperately; poses questions that need answering: do we really want to occupy Iraq? what about humanitarian crisis after certain bombing of Iraq during any conflict? what plan is there for locating and securing Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass destruction, and for finding Hussein himself? says questions about profound implications of US-led invasion of Iraq deserve much more in way of answers than we have now (M)"]

